I'm hoping to create an SQL database that links historic NYC tax photographs to their associated address for Manhattan.  The first thing we would need to do is convert the existing tax photo database into an SQL database.  Second we would add paths to the images within that database.  If I’m not mistaken this would be the first step in creating what I hope to be a fully functioning app,  where the user can tap points on a map of NYC, and historic photographs of that location would appear.  The app is for anyone curious about the history of NYC,  including researchers and scholars looking for historic photographs.  Ultimately,  the app will extend beyond tax photographs and also incorporate historic interiors of buildings from other New York City Municipal Archives (NYCMA) collections,  as well as iconic locations such as Yankee Stadium.

Right now it is essential to link the NYC tax photo Manhattan database to images with the accompanying address in their metadata.  It’s essential that the image appears upon searching the address,  and the building blocks are in place for the image to show up on the future app or website.  Some limitations may be the size of the project.  I’m choosing Manhattan because it’s the smallest borough,  but it still has approximately 40,000 lots which could be too much data to tackle for a project of this scale.

“The Department of Records and Information Services preserves and provides public access to historical and contemporary records and information about New York City” - Archives.nyc 
As it stands, much of the treasure at the Municipal Archives is essentially hidden in the form of paper and microfilm.  I believe it’s important to put the history of NYC in a format where people anywhere in the world, and of any age can enjoy.  I’m asking that this software is created because of my access to the data needed to create it.  I’m an employee of the NYCMA and have worked closely with their photograph collections for the past 8 years.